This may be an unorthodox way to start a review, but hey it's as meaningful as i'll ever be for a review. My lucky number is 14. I was born on August 14th. My birth sign is Leo (Lion), my State Football Team is the Lions, and its been 14 years since i'v seen my favorite movie from my childhood; The Lion King for the first time. And now I had the honor to experience it in the theater. From the moment the black screen faded to the rising sun along on the African Plane, with opening Zulu lyrics playing to Circle of Life, I got chills up my spine and my lips were shaking as they were forming the biggest smile I think i'v ever had. Now of all the films to come out these past years like the final Harry Potter, Avatar, Inception, Super 8, Transformers, etc. I want make this clear; The Lion King was the funnest time i'v ever had at the Movies! I don't even care for it being part of the 3D effect. I wanted to see it in the theater as if it was the opening weekend back in 1994. It's still The Lion King, but in a sentimental way (If your a 90's kid) it makes you completely feel dropped back into your seat like it's was the first time viewing it. The story of a young lion prince, Simba (Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Matthew Broderick) framed into killing his father Mufasa (James Earl Jones) by his evil uncle Scar (Jeremy Irons). Then flees from his past and meets Timon (Nathan Lane) and Pumba (Ernie Sabella) whom teach him "Hakuna Matata" (Literally meaning No Worries). And in the end Simba returns to be the one true king. The story may be considered Hamlet with lions, but it's so much more than that. Most in part of the fun characters, humor, and still having the true drama and emotion that makes The Lion King what it is. The 3D added depth to the film and actually didn't give me a headache. Zazu flying overhead Pride Rock, the music sequences, and the stampede scene are better than ever, yet I'm sure the new generation seeing it will probably be emotionally scarred for life. I don't want to be a "Lion King is the Best Disney Movie Ever" Guy without mentioning it has a flaw. Which is its quick resolve with the last 40 minutes of the movie. Yeah, Simba is intervened by his old childhood friend Nala and crazy shaman blue butt monkey Rafiki to go back home from his 'time away from home' that almost feels like the 10 second log scene in Hakuna Matata. In any way it still doesn't turn you away. Then add the key ingredient to a classic Disney Movie; Songs! Just another element that adds to the formula. Elton John and Tim Rice won an Oscar for their work on this film! And who's to say they don't deserve it? Circle of Life, Just Can't Wait to be King, Be Prepared, Hakuna Matata, Can You Feel the Love Tonight, and even Timons Hula Song! It took every bone in my body not to sing in the theater but hey, now there's another reason for multiple viewings. I want to say to those who are curious, there is no "Morning Report" song in the film! Disneys Classic 2D Animated films are true Disney. Disney mixed meaningful and powerful themes with maximum entertainment in a perfect way that are what make true classics. Today any critic from the New York Times can slap a comment on a movie saying it's a "classic" when really they can't say in 10 years people will be talking about it. But hey, Hakuna Matata! In the end if you want a luxury of seeing (Arguably) Disneys best film on the big screen than don't hold back. It will really make you feel like a kid for an hour and a half, and also give you witness to Disneys most beautiful masterpiece that isn't just Dinsey's Best, but possibly one of the greatest achievements ever made.....The Lion King!